In the last lesson,
we invested a lot of time looking at the micro analytics,
very specific pieces of data with
a narrow focus that we had to combine together to tell a larger narrative.
Now, we pulled this data to primarily influence campaigns or objectives that we had set.
We reported on this data to drive action in a organization.
Another aspect of marketing analytics is data at a much larger level or macro analytics.
In this lesson, we're going to look at how we study
large questions such as: What is the size of our market?
What are the current trends?
How is our competition performing?
How do we forecast growth?
How are our channels performing?
What is our net promoter score?
These large questions involve gathering
qualitative and quantitative data from a variety of sources,
and then applying your analytical skill sets to find these answers.
Through our time together,
we'll discuss the concept and then we'll go hands-on as we explore where to find
the information we need and run the calculations necessary to answer these questions.